The project consists of 3 Micro controllers:

HARDARE:
1- HMI ECU: responsible for the user interface, it's connected to  keypad, LCD, change mode button (INT0) and Motor control button (Any DIO pin) 

2-Motor control ECU: connected to a DC motor, fan and a temperature sensor (LM35)

3-Lighting ECU: connected to 4 leds which represent the car light system. The 4 leds represent car front left light, car front right light, car rear left light and car rear right light.

COMMUNICATION:
1- HMI ECU and Motor Control ECU are connected through UART.
2- HMI ECU and Lighting ECU are connected through I2C.


REQUIRED FUNCTIONALITY:
1- Once the simulation starts the user should choose which ECU he/she wants to control. The LCD will show two options in two lines (1: Control the motor.
2: Control the lighting).

If mode 1 is selected, the user will be asked, through a message on LCD, to enter the motor speed he wants the motor to operate on (from 0 to 100).
After writing the input speed, the motor won't start untill the motor control button is pressed. If the button is released the motor shall stip and if pressed again the motor shall run again with the last input speed.
The LCD should say the motor state (running, stopped)

If mode 2 is pressed, the user is asked to select which light he wants to turn on. A two line message should appear on the LCD to let the user choose the lighting option.
Line one of the message is(11: FR, 12:FL, 15:F)
Line two of the message is(13:RR, 14:RL, 16: R)
where:
FR: Front right
FL:Front left
RR:Rear right
RL:Rear left
R: rear (turn two rear lights on)
F: Front ( turn two front lights on)
Motor colling:
The motor temperature is measured using the LM35 sensor, if the temperature became > 70 do the following:
- Turn the fan on for 20 sec.
- If the temperature becomes< 70 within the 20 sec the fan should be turned off.
- If the temperature remained > 70 even after the 20 sec the following condition should happen:
Turn the motor off
Turn all the lights off
Show "System failure" on LCD.
wait for 30 sec untill you can turn the system on again
When system turns on again, repeat the first step of the project (let user choose the mood)